com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/BranchT.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.BranchT
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/PaymentMockitoTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.PaymentMockitoTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ProgramTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ProgramTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/AdmissionT.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.AdmissionT
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/OnlineadmissionsystApplicationTests.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.OnlineadmissionsystApplicationTests
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/AdmissionMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.AdmissionMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ApplicationMockitoTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ApplicationMockitoTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/CourseMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.CourseMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/AddressMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.AddressMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/DocumentT.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.DocumentT
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/DocumentMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.DocumentMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ApplicationTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ApplicationTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/PaymentTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.PaymentTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/AddressT.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.AddressT
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ProgramScheduledTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ProgramScheduledTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ProgramScheduledMockTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ProgramScheduledMockTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/ProgramMockitoTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.ProgramMockitoTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/BranchMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.BranchMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/UniversityMockito.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.UniversityMockito
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/UniversityTest.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.UniversityTest
com/cg/onlineadmissionsyst/servtes/CourseT.java
 com.cg.onlineadmissionsyst.servtes.CourseT
